[DOCS] add example of environment variable substitution (#10417)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/cloud/data_assets/manage_data_assets.md

3. Click **Save**.

## Data Source credential management

> To connect to your database in GX Cloud, there are two methods for managing credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to your Data Source in GX Cloud, there are two methods for managing credentials:
```

> 1. **Direct input**: You can input credentials directly into GX Cloud. These credentials are securely encrypted at rest and in transit, stored in our database, and accessible to the GX Agent and any API user.

Reviewer: Credentials are accessible by any API user? This reads that credentials are not securely stored. (And is this true?)

I'd suggest:

These credentials are stored in GX Cloud and securely encrypted at rest and in transit. When Data Source credentials have been directly provided, they can be used to connect to a Data Source in any GX Cloud deployment pattern.

Author: I believe it is true. from Lukasz: "inputting credentials directly into GX Cloud is the simplest way to get started. These would be stored in our database, encrypted at rest and in transit. They would be available to the GX Agent, as well as any API user."

but I agree what you said sounds better, thanks - made the update. I guess the API user would still need to have credentials to use

> 2. **Environment variable substitution**: To enhance security, you can use environment variables to manage sensitive connection parameters or strings. For example, instead of directly including your database password in configuration settings, you can use a variable reference like `${MY_DATABASE_PASSWORD}`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Environment variable substitution**: To enhance security, you can use environment variables to manage sensitive connection parameters or strings. For example, instead of directly including your database password in configuration settings, you can use a variable reference like `${MY_DATABASE_PASSWORD}`. When using environment variable substitution, your password is not stored or transmitted to GX Cloud.
```

>     - **Configure the environment variable**: Enter the name of your environment variable, enclosed in `${}`, into the UI configuration form. For instance, you might use `${MY_DATABASE_PASSWORD}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Configure the environment variable**: Enter the name of your environment variable, enclosed in `${}`, into the Data Source setup form. For instance, you might use `${MY_DATABASE_PASSWORD}`.
```

>     - **Inject the variable into your agent container**: When setting up your Docker container, include the environment variable in the command. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Inject the variable into your GX Agent container or environment**: When running the GX Agent Docker container, include the environment variable in the command. For example:
```

   
   ```bash title="Terminal input"
   docker run -it -e MY_DATABASE_PASSWORD=<YOUR_DATABASE_PASSWORD> -e GX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN=<YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN> -e GX_CLOUD_ORGANIZATION_ID=<YOUR_ORGANIZATION_ID> greatexpectations/agent:stable
    ```

> This process is similar across any Docker-based service, including Kubernetes, ECS, ACI, and GCE. Each platform will have its own method for setting environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running the GX Agent in other Docker-based service, including Kubernetes, ECS, ACI, and GCE, use the service's instructions to set and provide environment variables to the running container.
```

> With this method, your password is not stored or transmitted to GX Cloud. To access the database through the API, just set the environment variable in your setup. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using environment variable substitution in a read-only deployment, set the environment variable in the environment where the GX Core Python client is running.
```

Reviewer: I moved the descriptor of how the method works to the start of the section, and left this as an instruction just relevant to read-only (API) deployments - the deployment patterns update PR is in review, so we should have this terminology in the docs soon.

> **Environment variable substitution is not supported in fully hosted deployments.**

Reviewer: I'd recommend moving this sentence to directly below the `2. **Environment variable substitution**:` paragraph (before the `Configure the environment bullet`) and making it a warning admonition box with a title of "Environment variable substitution support").

https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions

3. Click **Save**.

## Data Source credential management

To connect to your Data Source in GX Cloud, there are two methods for managing credentials:

1. **Direct input**: You can input credentials directly into GX Cloud. These credentials are stored in GX Cloud and securely encrypted at rest and in transit. When Data Source credentials have been directly provided, they can be used to connect to a Data Source in any GX Cloud deployment pattern.

2. **Environment variable substitution**: To enhance security, you can use environment variables to manage sensitive connection parameters or strings. For example, instead of directly including your database password in configuration settings, you can use a variable reference like `${MY_DATABASE_PASSWORD}`. When using environment variable substitution, your password is not stored or transmitted to GX Cloud.

:::warning[Environment variable substitution support]

> **Environment variable substitution is not supported in fully hosted deployments.**

Reviewer: Since this is in the admonition box, we can de-bold the text.
